# Re-exported functions from other packages

- [`enrichit::EnrichIt()`](https://pwwang.github.io/enrichit/reference/EnrichIt.html)
  (exported as RunEnrichment) - Enrichment analysis

- [`enrichit::ParseGMT()`](https://pwwang.github.io/enrichit/reference/ParseGMT.html) -
  Parse GMT file

## Usage

``` r
RunEnrichment(
  userlist,
  dbs,
  method = ifelse(tolower(style[1]) == "enrichr", "fisher", "hypergeometric"),
  use_matched_only = ifelse(tolower(style[1]) == "enrichr", FALSE, TRUE),
  padjust_method = c("BH", "bonferroni", "holm", "hochberg", "hommel", "BY", "fdr"),
  background = NULL,
  style = c("enrichr", "Enrichr", "clusterProfiler", "ClusterProfiler",
    "clusterprofiler"),
  return_all = FALSE
)

ParseGMT(gmtfile, swap_name_desc_if_needed = TRUE)

VizEnrichment(
  data,
  top_term = NULL,
  plot_type = c("bar", "dot", "lollipop", "network", "enrichmap", "wordcloud",
    "comparison", "heatmap"),
  x_by = NULL,
  size_by = NULL,
  fill_cutoff_name = NULL,
  fill_name = NULL,
  values_fill = 0,
  character_width = 50,
  expand = NULL,
  word_type = c("term", "feature"),
  split_by = NULL,
  split_by_sep = "_",
  facet_by = NULL,
  facet_scales = NULL,
  group_by = NULL,
  group_by_sep = "_",
  metric = "p.adjust",
  cutoff = NULL,
  palette = "Spectral",
  xlab = NULL,
  ylab = NULL,
  ...
)
```

## Arguments

- userlist:

  Vector of user-provided genes

- dbs:

  List of gene sets or paths to GMT files It can be a vector of database
  names. You can set the names of the vector, which will be used as the
  database names. Otherwise a list is expected, where each element is a
  database (e.g. parsed from a gmt file). If a database is given
  directly (without a name), the expression of this argument will be
  used as the database name.

- method:

  Method for computing p-value, either "fisher" or "hypergeometric" When
  `style` is "enrichr", the method defaults to "fisher". When `style` is
  "clusterProfiler", the method defaults to "hypergeometric".

- use_matched_only:

  Logical, whether to use only matched genes against the gene sets. This
  will affect the number of genes in the user list when computing the
  p-value. By default, when `style` is "enrichr", this is set to FALSE.
  When `style` is "clusterProfiler", this is set to TRUE.

- padjust_method:

  Method for adjusting p-values, either "BH", "bonferroni", "holm",
  "hochberg", "hommel", "BY", "fdr"

- background:

  Vector of all genes in the universe or a number of genes in the
  universe. If NULL, the number of genes in the gene set will be used.
  For "enrichr", the default is 20,000. For "clusterProfiler", the
  default is the number of unique genes in the gene set. Note that for
  "enrichr", if a vector is given, the length of it will be used, no
  checking will be done to see if userlist and genes from dbs are in the
  vector.

- style:

  Style of the output, either "enrichr" or "clusterProfiler"

- return_all:

  Logical, whether to return all results (all gene sets in dbs) or only
  those with at least one gene in the user list.

- gmtfile:

  Path to the GMT file

- swap_name_desc_if_needed:

  Logical, whether to swap name and description fields. They will be
  swapped only if:

  - `swap_name_desc_if_needed` is `TRUE`; and

  - The descriptions are not empty; and

  - The descriptions are shorter than the names; and

  - The descriptions are not ID-like (i.e., hsa00001, or 123456).

- data:

  A data frame with enrichment results generated by `clusterProfiler`,
  `enrichR`, or `enrichit`.

- top_term:

  Number of top terms to show in the plot. Default is 6 for all plots
  except "enrichmap" which is 100.

- plot_type:

  Type of plot to generate. Options are "bar", "dot", "lollipop",
  "network", "enrichmap", "wordcloud", "comparison".

- x_by:

  A character vector of column names to use for the x-axis. Default is
  NULL. Works only for "dot" and "lollipop".

- size_by:

  A character vector of column names to use for the size of the points.
  Default is NULL. Works only for "comparison", "dot" and "lollipop".

- fill_cutoff_name:

  The legend name for the terms above the cutoff value. Default is NULL.
  Works only for "comparison", "dot" and "lollipop".

- fill_name:

  The legend name for the metric. Default is NULL. Works only for
  "comparison", "dot" and "lollipop".

- values_fill:

  The value to fill the missing values in the data. Default is 0. Used
  only for "heatmap" plot.

- character_width:

  The width of the terms in the plot. Default is 50. When the terms are
  too long, they will be wrapped to fit the width.

- expand:

  A numeric vector of length 1, 2 or 4 to expand the plot. Default is
  NULL. Works only for "bar" plot. See also plotthis::BarPlot.

- word_type:

  The type of word to show in the wordcloud. Options are "term" and
  "feature". Default is "term". Works only for "wordcloud".

- split_by:

  A character vector of column names to split the plots. Default is
  NULL.

- split_by_sep:

  A character to separate the split_by column names. Default is "\_".

- facet_by:

  A character vector of column names to facet the plots. Default is
  NULL.

- facet_scales:

  The facet scales. Default is NULL.

- group_by:

  A character vector of column names to group the terms. Default is
  NULL. Works only for "comparison" and "heatmap" plot. For heatmap, it
  will be used as `columns_by` in
  [`plotthis::Heatmap()`](https://pwwang.github.io/plotthis/reference/Heatmap.html).

- group_by_sep:

  A character to concatenate the group_by columns when there are
  multiple columns. Default is "\_". Works only for "comparison" plot.

- metric:

  The column name to use for the metric. Default is "p.adjust".

- cutoff:

  The cutoff value to the metric to mark the tems on the plot. Default
  is NULL. Note that the terms are not filtered by this value. Use
  `top_terms` to filter the terms. When specified:

  - 'bar' plot will show a line at the cutoff value

  - 'dot' plot will show gray dots for the terms above the cutoff value

  - 'lollipop' plot will show gray dots for the terms above the cutoff
    value

  - 'comparison' plot will show gray dots for the terms above the cutoff
    value

  - has no effect on 'network', 'enrichmap', and 'wordcloud' plots

- palette:

  The color palette to use for the plot. Default is "Spectral". See
  [plotthis::show_palettes](https://pwwang.github.io/plotthis/reference/show_palettes.html)
  for available palettes.

- xlab:

  The x-axis label. Default is NULL.

- ylab:

  The y-axis label. Default is NULL.

- ...:

  Other arguments passed to the specific plot function.

  - For "bar",
    [`plotthis::BarPlot()`](https://pwwang.github.io/plotthis/reference/barplot.html).

  - For "dot",
    [`plotthis::DotPlot()`](https://pwwang.github.io/plotthis/reference/dotplot.html).

  - For "lollipop",
    [`plotthis::LollipopPlot()`](https://pwwang.github.io/plotthis/reference/dotplot.html).

  - For "network",
    [`plotthis::EnrichNetwork()`](https://pwwang.github.io/plotthis/reference/enrichmap1.html).

  - For "enrichmap",
    [`plotthis::EnrichMap()`](https://pwwang.github.io/plotthis/reference/enrichmap1.html).

  - For "wordcloud",
    [`plotthis::WordCloudPlot()`](https://pwwang.github.io/plotthis/reference/WordCloudPlot.html).

  - For "comparison",
    [`plotthis::DotPlot()`](https://pwwang.github.io/plotthis/reference/dotplot.html).

  - For "heatmap",
    [`plotthis::Heatmap()`](https://pwwang.github.io/plotthis/reference/Heatmap.html).

## Examples

``` r
if (FALSE) { # \dontrun{
  # See following links for examples
  # https://pwwang.github.io/enrichit/reference/EnrichIt.html
  # https://pwwang.github.io/enrichit/reference/ParseGMT.html
} # }
```
